"oopps just saw this. Just up ""loving†insomnia"". Get a couple hours of a good nap and my body thinks it is readyto go for another 24... But it is nice little one got up to find me and hear her laugh in her†sleep. Yes, I think a nice slow rise, no bottom drop on him. This world is just f*ed up."	no																			
"Yesterday, in my exposure therapy, I was made extremely†angry†by being made to experience the feelings of chronic†helplessness in the face of ongoing†harm. I was filled with extreme, unrelievable pain all day. In the evening, I started having my ""rape†flashbacks,"" which are emergences of my body's†memories†of coerced sex in my marriage. These made me even angrier because I felt (as I did back then) like there was no one I could†trust†to talk to about what I was feeling. Today I feel lonely and aimless but less pain-ridden so far. Yesterday my feelings were so intensely bad that today my feelings seem mostly like residue from yesterday."	yes																			
"I am feeling lost and alone today. My girlfriend got†angry†at me because she thought I was ignoring her while she was talking, but really I was having aflashback†and couldn't even hear her. I didn't even realize she was there. I tried to tell her that I wasn't ignoring her and that I was in a†flashback†but she just said I was lying and said that she is tired of my†flashbacks. I hate this, I feel like†nothing†I do will make these†flashbacks go away. I've almost accepted them as a part of myself, and I hate that. This is the first time in a very long time that I feel like I just want to give up and give in."	yes																			
"These photos are completely fabulous!! I am so sorry for the challenges! Having recently lost my father, there are a lot of complicated emotions. Please keep posting pictures! The Paris photos gave me a trip down†memory†lane - loved Notre Dame!! Having never been to Johannesburg - the pictures are making me want to plan a trip! As I said - fabulous photos!! (((hugs)))"	no																			
I am feeling better today. I will not let the bad†memories†haunt me today. I will do thought stopping. I am itchy again today. I do not understand this. It was on the other side today. I will have a good day.	no																			
"Philippa said: ‚Üë Thanks Whitney, I wasn't aware this could be done. I'm not the most tech savvy person in the world. Computers piss me off on a regular occasion. The navigation ""Help"" section is quite comprehensive nowadays, from the novice to not knowing what a forum is, through to advanced forum features. There isn't much not mentioned in that section now. @just me here, the banned avatar remains as is, because the one issue people have had is not knowing who is banned, including staff. How a person takes it is really up to them. It†doesn't matter†what the forum does, someone will have an issue with it. History has dictated this time and time again."	no																			
"I was a Sunday school teacher, but lost the position because I called another church member a bitch.( probably not such a surprise though, right?haha) I was very humbled the first time I did volunteer work at a homeless shelter. I actually cried after I helped serve the meal to the people that were there. I'm†afraid†of large dogs even though the 2 I have are pretty huge."	no																			
"heavenofcalyx said: ‚Üë NOTHING like it. It's more like they mindf**k you three million different ways to sunset. It gets very intense, very philosophical. It deals a lot with people living out archetypes. Haha, I guess I will check it out then. I've only seen a handful of episodes."	no																			
"slides in. THe grass is back *hugs* been a†quiet†day, went and watched the bridge to terabithia, actually got through the movie without freaking out.†Darkplaces and†crowds†are usually bad for me. Still, the movie was good made me†cry†though. Anyways, *hugs* all, I missed you guys, just needed a break from here till I sorted some of my shit†out."	yes																			
"I'm proud of myself for hosting an 'after hours' meeting with other business owners in town. I was very†anxious†and nervous about it, but knew most of the people who showed up. I had to explain what I do and show off my studio. I'm not good at tooting my own horn so I played up the technology and equipment I use. That made things easier for me. By doing that, I could talk about what 'the business does' and stay†focused on that instead of me, personally. Whew! I'm glad I did it but I'm also happy it's†behind me. I only got 4 hours'†sleep†last night trying to wind down from it!"	no																			
"Pencil said: ‚Üë Obviously not a hugger Nope, didn't even try! Yay!†safenow said: ‚Üë I am more like the bionic woman, That is what my sister calls me because of my ICD(implantable cardioverter defibrillator). When they were going to put the new one in my sister said ""and they can rebuild her!"""	no																			
"I deserve to give myself the same love and compassion I give others. gizmo said: ‚Üë My husband gets†dizzy†too, Britt. I empathize Thank you Gizmo. Some days are worse then other's. I try to remind myself to get up slowly or not look up too long but I forget. I feel for your husband. It must be really hard on his bad days. Strength to you both."	no																			
"Well, I was fired.. just found out..†nothing†I can do about it.. checked and called everything I can think of. According to canada, anyplace that employes less than 50 people can fire you if it creates ""undue hardship"" and they have to hire someone to replace you. With the human rights commission, same thing.. they told me to check their policies under disibality for ""duty to accomadate"" but that doesn't count with me unless i can be classed as disabled. Which I can't because I still can't see the psych.. it will be at least up to a year before I see him. Officially screwed. I'm very†upset. Shaking like a leaf.. No money, no home. :up-yours: world. bec Well, just applied for welfare/disablity.. have an appointment tomorrow.. so maybe I will be able to pay my rent at least.. horridanxiety.. i nver watned to go ont hat freading system again...."	yes																			
"Whitneys story said: ‚Üë If I may ask, do you have a holiday like our Christmas? Yes, Next year hopefully I will be able to participate to send gifts to forum members. There is so much joy, indeed. I remember when I was kid, we lived in a small town. There Santa Claus on Christmas day gave me bunch of chocolates. I liked them a lot. I was overjoyed that day. We celebrate all kind of festivals here. You are so much fun,too. Hugs back at you,too."	no																			
"*blush* I didn't forget... I just haven't made that eggplant. I hope I get some motivation before it goes bad. I even moved it this morning to get it out of my line of vision when I go to the kitchen.†Upset†stomach, not up to cooking these past few days."	no																			
"It pretty much sucked though I did curl my hair! And it stayed!! Hubs said he did not know what to make of it as he had never seen it that way. I have done it but it lasts zero time. But out here a curl holds. Wow. And funny thing is I did not have steam coming off like usual when I try it. And my little one! She made me so proud. She just turned 3 in December but she tried to write her first word! She sounded it out and wrote COD. She was trying to write†cold†but forgot the L. Hell, she is only just turning 3 and did it all on her own with zero help†out of the blue! Who am I to nit pick???? Oh I hope she is like her brothers being so smart! And her letters were perfect! Though she does get made when she shows me an I or H. Depending on the angle she brings it to me I cannot tell which it is, and I am usually wrong. I am so tickled she is writing her alphabet and even trying to do words."	no																			
Perhaps it does offer a different perspective.... I feel that sometimes we are so caught up in the journey the destination catches us by surprise?! Like I said I can't tell you how I got here but I did and I know I tried. What the answer is†I don't know†but I'm glad to have some peace.	no																			
Ok I'll see if I can top that upto five...baby steps...yeah...time to take some of my own advice... 3.I am good at dissapating my†anger. 4.I have learned to be very patient. 5.I am learning that it is ok to do things for self preservation and not feel†guilty.	no																			
"Lizio: Garbage are the soundtrack to my life. Bleed like me album, start to finish, felt like I wrote the lyrics lol. I love them; was so happy when I bought this album, I felt like there was another person in the world who knew how I felt (hope that doesn't sound to†sad!). I like their old stuff too though. Garbage - Queer: Hide inside your head - The blindest of the blind, The deadest of the dead. You're hungry cause you starve, While holding back the tears. Garbage - I'm only happy when it rains: I'm only happy when it rains. You wanna hear about my new obsession? I'm riding high upon a deep depression. I'm only happy when it rains. Pour some misery down on me. Garbage - Metal heart: My sweet lord take care of me for I think I'm done. Kiss my mother on her cheek and lay my burden down. But now that we know for sure they're telling lies when they say ""No one gets†hurt†and therefore nobody dies"" - You know it's hard to believe anything that you hear."	no																			
"Choose LOVE It may be easy to look around our world today and see the appearance of chaos, difficulty and strife. Yet, when we come from an open heart, we can also see our opportunity to love all things into balance, joy,†harmony and peace. This planet does not need more visions of desperation,†fear, doubt and hate - it requires an abundance of LOVE, unconditional LOVE, to heal and restore the beauty contained in every moment. This becomes the easier path once we take the first step and begin to share our LOVE. When we bring unconditional LOVE back into our personal, professional, community and family lives, we begin the journey of restoring wholeness and happiness to our planetary adventure. Of course it takes determined effort on our part as the old ways of being are quick to return in our mind. However, this effort to LOVE is rewarded with a new perspective on everything and all life benefits as a result. ( I found this online once and I have it printed and framed in my bathroom )"	no																			
"Diamonds in the RoughExploring (Journey) Wendell Berry Always in the big woods when you leave familiar ground and step off alone into a new place there will be, along with the feelings of curiosity and excitement, a little nagging of dread. It is the ancient†fear†of the Unknown, and it is your first bond with the wilderness you are going into. What you are doing is exploring. You are undertaking the first experience, not of the place, but of yourself in that place. It is an experience of our essential loneliness; for nobody can discover the world for anybody else. It is only after we have discovered it for ourselves that it becomes a common ground and a common bond, and we cease to be alone."	no																			
"OMG Herc.........ROTFLMAO...Sorry but I went through something similar a few months ago with an elderly friend of mine. Thought I would lose my mind between the frigging insurance, and the pharmacy......EXCEPT it took 3 days to get it straightened out, and this man is diabetic!!!!!!!!!"	no																			
"I feel relaxed and lighter after a somatic massage with a really intuitive wonderful therapist that I want to work more with in the future. She really helped me identify where I am in resistance, and push pull dynamics. Still processing that the house I have just moved into is about to be demolished in a few months. Pretty†sad†that...especially for the people in the house, who have been here for years, and it's a home for them. calm otherwise."	yes																			
"When I read this title in the 'new posts', I was confused and intrigued. What Is Your Favorite Fall Activity? My first thought was ""I don't like falling, what can possibly be good about that?"" I was also imagining free falling/parachuting from a plane. Then I realised I was being a dumb Brit and you were talking about autumn. :doh: Personally, I don't like it.†Dark, wet days, with the thoughts of a long winter ahead. And shops already getting ready for Christmas! (Hello, it's only September!). Down right†depressing. I suppose the colours as the leaves fall from the trees are pretty.... is it nearly spring yet? (perhaps I should move in with Anthony and Nicolette - it's spring down-under. I'm sure they wouldn't mind. lol!)"	no																			
"I'm just staring to art journal. Several of my family are talented artists, but that gene passed me by. I love the fact that my journal is only for me so I can't get it wrong. It's interesting to explore my feelings without words, and reveals things to me. I used to read a lot, both novels and non-fiction. I liked to go the library and pick a random factual book. Some†bored†me†silly, but there were serendipitous discoveries that set me off down a trail of further research. Now I find it impossible to†focus†on a book. A friend of my daughter just had a novel published and I so wanted to be able to discus it with them, but no matter how hard I tried the words just never reached my brain. I also walk for miles, which helps burn off†tension†and calories. Genealogy is a good brain deadener when I can't cope with my thoughts."	no																			
"Ms Spock said: ‚Üë Are you seeing a psychologist or psychriatrist shoulderblades? Currently, no. I'm ""unofficially"" seeing a psych nurse once a week just to have someone to talk to other than lumping everything on my girlfriend. In the process of finding a psych, just don't know who to†trust."	yes	?																		
Not Great. I had an issue i had needed to speak to her about that i have to deal with friday this week. I have to put to†sleep†an old service dog. And it wont be easy for me to handle . With this new stressor of being dropped it really is just a mess . I just hope thursday my shrink can take some time beyond med management to kinda help me out. Nora	yes	?																		
The medication was making H a bit nauseated. But I think that is getting better now. Or at least I hope it is... He was having problems checking is glucose level yesterday morning. He ended up having to stick himself 3 times because either there was not enough†blood†or the mentor had an error. I am unsure what to do at these times. I know he will ask if he needs my help and so I will†quietly give him help. I am cautious of†hurting his pride or pushing things. So I always wait until he asks. Today he came home from work early. Now he is†sleeping and as been†sleeping for awhile. He did not say he was sick but I am a bit worried that he is. I know his glucose level is still much to high and that might be playing a part. I know his cat is taking a nap with him. I know she will made his day when he wakes up with her by his side.	no																			
"I was trying to find something I found on the internet. Something about a guy named Telrav. Ended up getting lost and losing my way to where he should be. I came across these huge water falls. Huge! They are southwest of the town called†Darkwater Crossing. Standing on a rock in the middle of the falls... I'm alldark†because my armor is black and there's a mask on my face. I love the†Dark†Brotherhood stuff! And there is more. I jumped... Lucky I use God mode at all times. Otherwise I would have died. There is a cave in these waterfall called†Darkwater Pass.†I don't know†which waterfall it was, and unless you are in God mode or water breathing ( the jump still might kill you) it will probably kill you to get there. Also, the currents will drag you down, and will make you fall. But the cave does get marked on your map as you jump down/ fall down the waterfalls. Really really fun though, to just let yourself jump at the top. Totally doing that again."	no																			
"Froggie said: ‚Üë When I saw this thread I was wondering what it was about ... my gawd, now it makes sense ! Sandra, I will NEVER take you for a drive, even if you're†hitch hicking ! Gawd you're a real little pest Well we know†hitch hiking isn't going to happen since it's ilegal in Canada to do that. And oh come on, Quebec isn't that from Ontario to take me for a drive. Oops I forgot you want to keep your sanity."	no																			
I'm feeling scared and†anxious. I have been†avoiding facing the preperation questionnaires I need to do for a psychologist I'm seeing on the 21st. Everytime I think about I feel the†panic†rising and the difficulty in breathing.	yes																			
"Slow Cooker Cranberry Roast**This calls for beef and I'm doing beef today, but may also try it with pork. For a twist, I rubbed†the beef with Jerk seasoning then pan seared it first. But I'm doing this one for the first time today. Prep Time: 15 Minutes Cook Time: 8 Hours Ready In: 8 Hours 15 Minutes Servings: 6Ingredients: 1 (1 ounce) envelope dry onion soup mix 1 (3 pound) beef chuck roast 1 (16 ounce) can jellied cranberry sauce 2 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons all-purpose flourDirections: 1. Place onion soup mix in the bottom of a slow cooker. Place roast in the slow cooker, and top with cranberry sauce. 2. Cover, and cook 8 hours on Low. 3. Remove roast, and set aside. Set slow cooker to High. Whisk together butter and flour, and slowly mix into the liquid remaining in the slow cooker to create a thick gravy. Serve with the roast"	no																			
"I need a hug. My daughter said her husband just got home from work and has to go to†sleep. So she pushed the time to eleven o clock, instead of nine o clock. The poor girls have to wait too. I am†sad. But I understand"	no	?																		
"this is me good thread Most times... I am a confident woman. I am an artist. I sketch, paint, emotions decorate my canvases.I am compassionate and most of all empathetic. I†hurt†TOO MUCH when others†hurt†(the narcissis in me) I want to make everyone better......... IMPOSSIBLE...but....being honest, I think I should try. sometimes... I doubt myself... I feel weak sometimes,†helpless... Those are the worst... but most times... see above... Alicia"	yes																			
I just finished reading the lucky one by nicolas sparks. It was a good book. Now I am going to read a book by tami hoag. I am having a better time of it now. I usually do better in the afternoon and the evenings. Not too much†anxiety†now. Take care and be well. Hugs.	yes																			
"Sqweak said: ‚Üë He's a trauma survivor too by the way, I think that's why we're joined at the hip. Aw, Squweak, I feel this way about my little beagle/basset girl. She is a trauma survivor and feels like my kindred spirit in a lot of ways because of it. Also, she was an owner-surrender from TN and so was I. Is it possible to attach†images†not from a website but from my computer? I'd love to put her up on here."	no																			
"Are you seeing trauma therapists? I see one and he tells me that other therapists would be too†afraid†to take on trauma. I totally believe it since I've gone to other Ts who tried to fix me in 6 weeks, lol. I lucked into my T, I feel so lucky."	yes																			
"Today, I found an old composition notebook that I kept a lot of my therapy notes in and I ran across an entry called, ""Just for today..."" and I wanted to share a couple of these. Just for today I will not put conditions on my happiness. Just for today I will not compare myself to others. Just for today I will speak up rather than blow up. Just for today I will be more light-hearted. Just for today I will admit when I am wrong and stand up for what I believe is right. Just for today I will†focus†on what is right about things. What can you do 'just for today' to make things a little easier/better? (Moderators; I did a search but didn't find a thread on this subject , so I decided to post this one. If there is already a thread like this, please merge this post to that thread for me. Thank you!)"	no																			
"Falling†apart... I wanted to go watch Shrek 3 with my lil' one but I spent this AM confused all to hell unable to†focus†and had to actually look up a recpie for pancakes (I should be able and normally do with my eyes closed). I have been OK from naps and waking for about 20 minutes before I am getting bombarded with†panic†attacks. Supposed to go to a cook out too after the movies but hubs wants me to rest, he is stopping by between the movie and the cook out to check on me. Days like this are rare now but man they are a bitch when it happens."	yes																			
"I am feeling really†anxious†and impatient right now. My dog is at the vet (has been all day) because she has been having some issues, so she had a bit of surgery this AM. When I called to see if she was okay, they told me to talk to the vet when I pick her up because he was in there a long time. Of course that doesn't sound good, so I am really†anxious†and doubtless will be until I know what's going on. 25 minutes before I can leave work..."	yes																			
"smiles Do you remember how to smile, I don't. I want to know how to make that happen, the corners pushed up high, as if the sun could shine through to the terrible†sadness in the soul But it won't work, I tried the tape, it only caused more pain, someday please show someone the trick, to help them make it through."	no																			
"Hunting down trolls is easier with some web skills. Here's one skill...looking up an IP address...and other interesting info. ""What is an IP address? Every device connected to the public Internet is assigned a unique†number known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address. IP addresses consist of four†numbersseparated by periods (also called a 'dotted-quad') and look something like 127.0.0.1. "" Source: http://whatismyipaddress.com/ Once you know an IP, you can do a 'Whois' lookup.http://www.ip-address.org/tracer/ip-whois.php"	no																			
"((((((((((Iam)))))))))))) I'm sure you'll find something perfect for you!! (((((((((((((marieE.)))))))))))))) I feel tired, didn't†sleep†too well but saw my fill-in tdoc who wants to try some additional trauma healing techniques on me. I'm somewhat excited but it's dampened as I'm not finding a lot of info on it outside of our area. I'll try it, I've tried everything else and she seems excited. I was very comfortable with her and my tdoc is still planning on coming back at the end of this month I feel torn in my feelings as I feel like people here are part of my support and when one is not well it effects me because you matter. (((((((((((((hugs for all))))))))))) Peace and healing, Rain"	yes																			
"prime-no, your whole†post is quite beautiful and full of meaning! I was going to write which words you said that touched me, but then I would have ended up quoting your whole†post! Thank you so much for sharing that!"	no																			
"Well, I slept most of last night, got up for a bit this morning, and slept until 6 pm today! I feel great! Actual†sleep.. . ohhh it's nice. I got laundry done, did dishes four times, sorted out a pile of papers (I threw out four garbage bags of crap that was all paper? guess I was nesting or something there...) and cooked two suppers.. LOL got hungry at 2 am and made a full meal. Deer sausage, scalloped potatoes and beans? Very strange. So I got lot's done! I'm enjoying it while I can as I know this won't last long. bec"	no																			
"My back†hurts, my head†hurts, I'm not†sleeping, am out of†sleepers I ache all over and it's raining and I'm out of clean clothes i feel like†crying or cutting or throwing shit. Ranting isn't helping. Woke up to†screaming this morning realised it was me could have sworn my brother was in my room he wasn't bt that doesn't stop the fact that I thought he was and my mind convinced me he was.†Can't†sleep†don't want to actually scared to so tired but won't†sleep. can't let him get to mee slightly manic ignore the lack of punctuation I don't mean it Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrah today so sucks. Two more days to Luke time though can't wait. Well, point out the good part. Oh if it keeps raining like this there is no way I'll get out of here this weekend. Feels like running but naked through the rain. Refuses to Gacks. I hate my head today. Feels like my mind can't stop."	yes																			
"Me, I make me†angry†all the time. Wish I could get†angry†at the people that I should be†angry†with. But that is a rare occurrence. Just shows me how far I still have to go. (God, that pisses me off at myself."	yes																			
"Lucycat said: ‚Üë Nicolette, I believe if Anthony had posed the original question he would not have done so with an apology for†upsetting anybody. I am not criticising you just commenting that you have entirely different styles. In many of your replies within this thread you appear†frustrated†but still share your kind heart by thanking people for their input. This was lovely to read Lucycat - thank you"	no																			
"MissAntiSunshine said: ‚Üë GS? My logic continued: T E | T T | F F | S G | S S | H H | R I | R R | J J | Q K | QQ A well-thought out and excellent guess, but no I'm†afraid, that is not correct!"	no																			
"Hi Nicolette, you and Anthony are quite the comedians with that whole†phantom farting business. Outside of becoming accustomed over many yrs. with my husbands open in-house farts, I was Always a phantom farter when the need to fart arose, .....Always. (smiling & LOL) :rofl: Now I am too sometimes an open in-our-house farter, just not generally to gassy. But sometimes, oh No! Add one guest to our house and back to Phantom Farting for me. Always! And, over a good movie, if it's a silent one, but deadly I do like to catch him off guard and surprise him as he has me. So much for the farting business discussion from me for now. Now I'll just need to cut this from your profile page, because it may†smell†and I'm thinking you might prefer it contained elsewhere and simply leave my Hello. (smiles) Oh' ya' ......Outside of husband and son, I like to keep any†smell†from my farts distinguished, hidden, tucked away around an empty corner, and away from people. Again, LMAO :rofl: Hope"	no																			
"The ring is beautiful....I have never seen pink diamonds, they are actually prettier that regular ones. Nice choice Nicolette, the ring won't cause you any headaches,†sleepless nights, worry, dirty diapers, and all of the lovely things that come with children....Very wise choice!!!!!!"	no																			
"Privateer said: ‚Üë I've become almost obsessed with watching films and TV programmes about war and search and rescue†I used to do the same. I think, it was my personal way of getting out, of beginning to. At a certain stage, they started to overwhelm me (movies of SA, rape, lost children, abducted children, etc.). Then I stopped watching them and made myself (sheer force) turn them off. After a few years of doing that and really not watching many and not even whole†movies anymore, my soul seems to have been ready to admit that I had been watching them (and†crying,†screaming etc. while watching and after with me not knowing why at all) for a reason. Some time, my†memories†of my SA came back and I was finally ready to start to pull myself out and not only through. But I had really needed that break from those oh-so-well-known stories in order for the real†memories†to reappear. I needed some peace in order to be able to face hell."	yes																			
"Hmmm....I am intuitive. I care about people. I have recovered from a long term eating disorder and long term crippling depression. I am a determined person. As†afraid†as I have been, I have always stood up for others when they are being victimised. I am quirky. I never lash out at others. I have worked really hard and have changed from being socially inept to socially adept."	no																			
"It is a dream to†wake up†one morning and have children, my own children (adopted) jumping on the†bed†screaming ""mummy, mummy"" with laughter in their voice and joy in their hearts... that would be an amazing day!"	no																			
Well I stayed up all last night and stayed up most of today in order to get my†sleep†back on track. I napped maybe an hour an half today. So getting my†sleepback on track would make me happy. If not I will just keep working on it.	no																			
"Whew. Almost done watching the Horse Whisperer, which has a doozy of a PTSD thread portrayed with uncanny emotional depth by a very young Scarlett Johnannson, who I now have mad respect for. Difficult at the trauma scene and the PTSD confessional scene. I like the emphasis on the direct, friendly physical contact of the horse interactions. Not sure why I took so long to see this movie but in a way I'm glad I did. It's a heavy movie, and it takes someattention, not to mention a big box of Kleenex."	no																			
I have a good day today. I did my nails and then printed of some pictures for Christmas in different sizes. Just have to add on some glitter glue in red and white and make them into cards and framed pictures to send to friends and family. Hubby sat and watched TV while I went off and did all this. Not seen him sit and watch so much TV in one day for ages.	no																			
"Got this in an e-mail from a family member today...' We totally understand what you are going through at the moment.'No you†bloody don't! You have no idea at all!! You never ask about it, you, have absolutely no idea what happened to me, you have never taken the time to ask, you never ring or visit and you live in the same†bloody town! If I tell you anything, anything at all (e.g. I've been to the hairdressers), the whole†family knows by tea time. WTF!!"	no																			
"Hassle†at work, being unsupported by management and pressured to take two verbally abusive students back into my class. It was hard enough for me to say I had had enough of them being rude and apologising and then just repeating the bad behaviour - and now I've said I have had enough and want to have my boundaries respected and I am being told I have to accept them back in class. It makes me feel so powerless and it's†triggering all those feelings of frustration and powerlessness and defeat and putting me emotionally in a very bad place. I know that my reactions are largely my ptsd and not necessarily proportionate to the situation but my emotions don't seem to be listening to reason"	yes																			
"Huge blizzard has us stuck in the house. I haven't even started shoveling yet. Well, at least the kids will be inside so it will be†quiet†outside. They tried to go out in the snow, but it's too deep."	no																			
"I feel tired now but it is a very good tired. Crafty Cath and her H came to visit. My day started with housework, then a dog walk and then shower and dress. They arrived at lunch time bringing sandwiches and the rest of the day has been chatting, laughing, shopping and drinking tea. I think I have converted them to dogs, well they like mine anyway. The house is†quiet†now and I will head off and cook some supper and watch some TV to unwind. I've just spoken to H and he is fine. (((HUGS))) to you all, especially Charmodone who is struggling. I will light a candle."	no																			
safenow said: ‚Üë Isn't that exciting? It was to me Of course it's exciting!!!! I'm so happy for you! It sounds like a wonderful day! You deserved it!!! I agree that being able to play the piano today was a Christmas gift for you too!!! Was anyone able to listen to you play?	no																			
"Feeling vulnerable and†sad. I cancelled the dentist, which would have happened anyway as the dentist has†hurt†his foot and is at A & E. I've just taken more pain meds but I'm now worrying in case I took a double dose as I couldn't remember taking them so took them again. The problem is I take 7 tablets every morning anyway, no I'm sure I took the normal amount, I think, maybe I should add I feel confused."	yes																			
Popping in to say good morning. My dog is†sleeping and my husband is shaving and brushing his teeth. I still have to do my chores. I sure wish I had some pictures for you. I have one that my granddaughter drew. I will share this with you. She did it on the computer. Big hugs for you today.	no																			
"I'm a bit shaken. T was rough last night, then I got to work today to find my boss†out of control†with†anger†over something I'd done. It was a miscommunication but he assumed I'd done it as an act of defiance against him, which wouldn't make sense and is a very strange conclusion to leap to (if he had a grip on reality, which he doesn't). I'm proud that I handled it quite well, externally and internally, but it was difficult. Even though I knew he was being ridiculous it was very intimidating. In between this, I had to do an application for a job somewhere else (for obvious reasons) and found it weird to be marketing myself and trying to show competence and enthusiasm when really I feel shipwrecked."	no																			
I'm feeling seriously†panicky despite having gotten up and putting in a great power walk this morning. I have some how slipped into the habit of eating later in the day than I know is good for me which†kicks in a sense of terror at loss of control - all connected a time filled with pain and consequence. I can feel my stomach rolling and my knees going weak. This ride sucks! I'm grateful my Hunny is home today so hopefully I can stay†focused understanding this does not have to be a scary day it is simply a feeling that be managed. (I sure prefer not feeling this way though.) ((((((((Hugs to all)))))))))))))	yes																			
"Sad. I want to be someone else. I want to be who that little girl could have been if she had been loved and made to feel special, not what I became. Trying to hold onto when I did feel loved at my nan's house. If I could feel enough of that love, maybe the other stuff will melt away. But that stuff is always there, lurking there, assassinating any chance I have of feeling good about myself. It is wrong to feel good about myself, not allowed, mabye only for a brief moment, before the nasty stuff comes back."	yes																			
"THANK YOU Dear [insert @$$hole†fam member here], Without your fine example, I'd have never allowed myself to give up trying to make a relationship better. Like I am now. SEE -- I†don't care†WHAT my Therapist says, you're not COMPLETELY worthless! :/"	no																			
"This may seem really awkward and emo-like (haha) which if you met me would be hilarious to say to my face (but secretly often true... .... ...no comment). chaos -- --After the incidents subsided, I started to write that word in my very fancy fancy handwriting on my wrist every day up 'till today. I think the word honestly just calms me down. No one normally asks me about it (thank god) which makes it feel so much more private and special. So chaos truly defines me because unless my life is complicated I can't feel accomplished. And to be honest, I like my life chaotic. What's life worth if it isn't a bit busy once in a while? This is sometimes why I feel that PTSD was a gift to me to subside my†restlessness and give me a reason to work hard for what I want. Makes the reward (of life) worth so much more!"	no																			
"In addition, if I were an elephant, I would not have to care how I looked, I could bathe in mud, and roll in the dirt whenever I felt like. It might be kind of sporting to go thundering through the occasional village as well. I wouldn't actually†hurt†anyone, I'd just like to watch them run. I could also occaionally sneak up to a lion while he was napping, put my trunk next to his ear, and trumpet as loud as I could, just to watch him jump."	no																			
"Forgive me if this one is already up on the thread: ""I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. [laughs] Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched c-beams glitter in the†dark†near the Tannh√É¬§user Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like [coughs] tears in rain. Time to die."" -Bladerunner I really relate to this quote because I've seen so many walks of life and been through so much with such a sensitivity to experience, but people don't believe me because I'm†quiet†and unassuming. And I†fear†that I will end up dying alone without having written any books to communicate what I've learned."	no																			
"True Friendship Not really a joke but nice to share with friends......... 1. When you are†sad†-- I will help you get drunk and plot revenge against the fu*king bastard who made you†sad. 2. When you are blue -- I will try to dislodge whatever is choking you. 3. When you smile -- I will know you got laid 4. When you are scared -- I will take the piss out of you about it, every chance I get. 5. When you are worried -- I will tell you horrible stories about how much worse it could be until you quit whinging. 6. When you are confused -- I will use little words. 7. When you are sick -- Stay away from me until you are well again. I don't want whatever you have. 8. When you fall -- I will point and laugh at your clumsy ass. 9. This is my oath.... I pledge it to the end. 'Why?' you may ask; 'because you are my friend'. Friendship is like peeing your pants, everyone can see it, but only you can feel the true warmth."	no																			
"goingonhope said: ‚Üë We'all likely have found some inspiring quotes, ect. or ""diamonds"" if you may, along our way. If you have any you'd like to share here, please do so. :hello:Hi Simpleman33, both quotes are great! That first one, you shared though means a great deal to me; More than I imagine anyone could ever understand; I'm likely mistaken here, and people do understand, but I don't always think so. This quote: ""It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not."" ~Gide, Andre, ......makes all the sense in the world to me. Sums up well why I took a good many extra†beatings from my then step-dad and mom, that I might've escaped had I cared less about the well-being of family relations, reality as opposed to deceit (etc.), proper boundaries, personal integrity and basic common sense morals. Hope"	no																			
Ice_Fire said: ‚Üë It's so†dark†and dreary outside it looks like I took it in black and white! I thought it was a black and white photo! That's amazing. I looked out of the window last night about 2.00am (not snowing but everything covered in white) and it was so bright in the moonlight it was like winter daytime.	no																			
"Awakening said: ‚Üë Also malingering means lazy, idle - I had to look that word up!!!! LOL. Hmm no. A malingerer is someone who pretends to be ill for sympathy, or in my experience as a social worker, in order to receive disability benefits which they don't truly deserve. So I imagine here on the forum, it would be someone pretending to have PTSD and/or drawing†attention†to themselves for the purpose of sympathy."	no																			
"Wish granted, your house is now warm 24 / 7 Unfortunately this is due to the newly discovered sulphur spring underneath which makes your house unsellable and making it impossible for you to face a fried egg in the morning. Fortunately you become known by the nickname†Sweaty Betty and you no longer have to queue for anything as as soon as you appear everyone else runs for fresh air! I wish I wasn't here."	no																			
"Falling†apart. I heard from a friend last night that my little brother is getting married in a couple of weeks. I have not had anything to do with my family for many years - because of my parents, and my inability to cope with them. My brother suffered as much as I did, but I cut of contact with everyone to protect myself. Now I don't even know what I am feeling - I crashed and slept for 10 hours past night, which is unheard of. Now I am†awake†I want to explode withsadness. I have missed so much not having a family and I wish that things were different. When asked if I was invited to the wedding, my brother said that he had no way of getting in touch with me. This is not entirely true, but maybe he does not know what to do about the situation? Maybe he hates me? Maybe I am about to fall†apart...... empathy and suggestions on how to cope greatly appreciated!"	yes																			
"Whitney thanks for all your input. At this stage Anthony is collecting ideas, like brain-storming, where no answer is wrong. Please leave responding to members ideas in this thread to Anthony if he so wishes. I appreciate you are well intentioned however software changes so some things previously unchangeable may now have altered. More importantly the question was what members would like or want to change if they could, to one thing, with no purpose on correcting them at this stage. Thanks"	no																			
"I don't do madding†crowds†or sales. I just don't have the 'killer' instinct. My gifts are thought out. I†don't care†about if it is a bargain. I think of the gift for the person and then look on-line for the best price prior to ordering. I hate†crowds†and for me, the internet is a godsend."	yes																			
"(((( greenfrog2 )))), (((( Pencil )))). I wish I lived close to both of you. That's my calling in life, to be there for others going through that same crap I used to go through. My problem was there was never anyone there for me. Sigh, so I do know that feeling. Today, I am already paying for getting my home set up into a home again rather than a ward of the hospital. My body is†hurting and I can't really move to much because of it. The good thing is, I can come here and talk to people I respect that know more about me than anyone outside of here."	no																			
"It's Monday morning, and I'm feeling overwhelmed. I have to take my daughter to her swim class this afternoon, and it makes me a little†anxious†to think about it. My kitchen is a huge mess because I didn't do any housework all weekend, which felt good, but now I have a pile of a mess to clean. It just feels like there's a mountain of work to do, and I really just want to be held, and be given permission to 'hide out'."	no																			
"Nighthawlk said: ‚Üë I chose to turn my car around and come home instead. I must admit I wonder if I just†fear†going back or if I am just not ready yet. I am still on a ton of pain medication and still rather immobile. Good for you NH. After my accident, I went back to work far to early - hindsight is a great thing. Anyway, no-one thanks you for going back early and the person who ends up†hurt†is you. So my friend, take all of the time you need - KP is shaking her finger at you . This isn't a hawk, but a wonderful carved owl sculpture I saw on my walk today (((HUGS)))"	no																			
"Philippa said: ‚Üë Long live Death. Long live ME intothelight said: ‚Üë Death, Doesn't it get a little†boring†hanging around this site as so many of us have faced you down more than once? Yeah, it does. That's why I haven't been around for a while. But I'm back now, so be†afraid!!"	no																			
"Well, everything is pretty much messed up. Confused as hell, other wise†safe. I think I learned my lesson. Life is unpredictable to say the least. Left the man I was with again after going back for a mere week!!!! I am looking forward to being happy and living my life. Looking forward to my older kid's field trip for the weekend with his school."	no																			
":hello: Mary & I have decided to support each other in our bid to stop giving in to sugar cravings. :naughty: Going out is all chocolate & sweets - even the 'turtles' Mary has been talking about, they look so yummy! In comes more fruit - apples, pears, mango, grapes, cherries, bananas-good for†sleep, so much choice.:thumbs-up So how about it, we all know that†anxiety†& depression can be affected by fluctuating sugar levels. Why don't you join us & see if it makes a difference to you. We'll keep you posted with our progress, but may need your encouragement from time to time! Mary & Annette"	no																			
"Lazy. So much to do and I don't feel like doing any of it. Tired. Been going non stop for days...like since I got home two, almost three weeks ago.†Guilty. For taking the day with no plans and just time to chill. Now....I feel a nap coming on!"	no																			
"(((((((((((AngelaMarie))))))))))))((((((((((((Movin'on)))))))))))(((((((((((Froggie))))))))))))))))))((((((((((Deb)))))))))))(((((((((((((All those that are suffering or just want a hug)))))))))))))) I'm struggling with another but more just symptom-hangover. I'm finding my footing and will have to suck it up to do the right thing tomorrow with my mother. It's been quite awhile since I've seen her and I really do need to do that as well check her cell phone to make sure she knows how to receive text messages and photos. It's been a year since I've seen her, maybe more, though I got on it earlier this year and have been keeping touch by phone. My husband will be going with me so I can be sure to not be alone, less likely to feel vulnerable and can cut the time shorter. I am apprehensive for a variety of reasons but all of it is mostly old stuff. I feel a bit†beat†up."	yes																			
√¢¬Ä¬úTwenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn√¢¬Ä¬ôt do than by the ones you did so. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the†safe†harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.√¢¬Ä¬ù-- Mark TwainThis is my all-time favorite!	no																			
"Sweet Chili Mayonnaise Pockets Perfect for Picnics or barbeque's 6 Small round pitta bread pockets 1/2 Fresh peeled prawns or frozen (defrosted) Light mayonnaise Sweet Chili sauce Cherry tomatoes Shredded lettuce Thinly sliced cucumber Spring onions ( sliced length-ways ) 1, Mix the prawns with enough mayonnaise to coat well, 2, Add Sweet chili sauce to you taste, 3, Open the pitta pockets and put a mixture of salad into the bottom, 4, Spoon in prawn mix on top of salad, Eat them freshly put together, or take in†separate†tubs on your picnic."	no																			
I won't laugh at your noopy's if you don't laugh at my Blue's Clues... Or that it took me a damn month to realize they were! Hmmm light blue with†dark†blue paw prints... Or big fluffy rooster slippers. My day too long and too tired to post it.	no																			
"I think with all you went through the first time, you will stay and be†quiet†this time. As usual, Anthony will the great White Knight at his Lady's side. Very glad that it went well. Yesterday, I kept one of my grandsons because he was ill and couldn't stay in school. He asked me why I had a candle lite and I said that I had a good friend who was getting operated. He asked me where she lives and I sayed ... far, far away, where the kangaroos live. He's eyes bugged right out."	no																			
"Well, I would just like to say that I am cross with Anthony now........he went shopping today to buy my Christmas present and has come home with a cement brick from Bunnings (the hardware store) wrapped up in Christmas paper. What is even more annoying is that I thought I knew what he was buying me and he gloated about it saying he knew what I thought it would be and was correct. What a cow! He is walking around the house thinking he is so damn smart and is ignoring all discussions surrounding my present....:wall: I'm not impressed as I can't stand surprises and have no patience when it comes to exciting things...... Man, he is driving me crazy. I mean, I have to put up with his†smelly farts and now he is enjoying tormenting me."	no																			
"... you and your fiance have already planned for contingencies such as fires, meteors, zombies, and most studied of all - home invasion. That's right - we have our plan and we have our†fighting strategies down."	no																			
"Still waiting for Santa to come here! Last I heard he was spotted in Milan, Italy, and is on his way to France! It'll be awhile til he gets here. Oh Nicolette, how patient you must be to wait for the kids to get there! How exciting! Everyone, this thread, especially the last few entries is making me beam. I must look awfully†silly†with this big smile on my face, typing away at my computer...but I†don't care!"	no																			
Ms Spock said: ‚Üë I am living without my family which is hard. You will miss them in certain ways but not in others. I have never met my great niece or great nephews. But removing my brother out of my life was the right thing to do. So not knowing them was the price I had to pay for not putting up with my brother's crap anymore. And†sadly this is never going to change.	no																			
"I agree with Heather....great idea. I actually started a gratitude journal and stopped for some reason. Thing is it really did help. I think it's kind of the tell someone not to think of monkeys and what do they think about? Yeah, you got it.... Much better to†focus†on the positives, even the small ones. Funny thing is, the more you†focus†on even the little ones, the more positive things you start noticing. Thanks for the†reminder!"	no																			
"To be honest, yes. I already feel I can't be good enough at anything. English is like my 8th language and one of my worst. If the message had been specific maybe not so much. But since it makes me feel like running through my messages not knowing how I messed up. Well, maybe there is no room here for non natives. I am worrying as I write this that I am messing up again. So, yes, I think I better leave. It is a bit like them like I'll listen to you if you tell me the right way. I'll stop†hitting you if you†cry. I better stop writing. I feel now as if my words are about to get me in trouble because I am messing up somehow. Boy, I feel doomed."	no																			
"Oh I know why I'm so†angry... it's frustration. Frustration at the fact that I'm deemed unable to work at the age of 22,†frustrated†that I have to rely on someone to take care of me,†frustrated†that I can't stand to look in the mirror because of the scars†frustrated†that I need at least 2 more surgeries to try to fix my facefrustrated†at the way everyone around me handles ""the accident""†frustrated†that I have PTSD, and somedays it just seems way to overwhelming. That's why I'm so damn†angry, and everytime I try to sit down and ""fix"" some of my frustrations, I realize that most of the issues are to huge for me to deal with right now wow... that's a load off my chest..."	yes																			
"ISH you should know by now that a woman has a right to change her mind at any given time without any notice. I also didn't want all the thread hijacked with anti commercialism comments etc so they can do that in the other thread and now have no excuse. Funny story.... Anthony was not well yesterday so I told him not to worry about getting me a card (he's taking me to the Faith Hill and Tim McGraw concert in March as our ""we are not buying each other a present"" present which is pretty awesome). Anyway, I got home and he said he needed to go up the street. He came home with a card. He showed me the envelope and said ""do you think I would be that†stupid†to risk not getting you a card and be in the sh*t?"" even though I told him not to worry. Smart man!"	no																			
"Diamonds in the RoughThe Insecure Camper(Humor)Anonymous For one thing. I forgot my†sleeping bag. This hike is too steep and I'm thirsty. That dumb kid in front of me keeps tripping me up, and these boots are making hamburger out of my feet. When I got to the top of Mt. Moosilauke, I froze, because I dropped my†sweater in the brook. Everyone says. ""You'll laugh about this in five years,"" but I think that's a truckload of bull. If you think that's bad, when we did Spree, I got stuck with two jerks in my tent, and I hate frog's legs. It's boiling hot, and we can't swim in the lake and Gypsy moths make me sick. I guess I just had an off day."	no																			
"((((Meadowsweet)))) (((Wife Of)))) Vent all you like, you need and deserve the support as much as the next person. I have CPTSD but can only guess at how terrible combat stress is (if that's what your H has, don't know if I read that in another thread or just guessed it, or am completely wrong - none of my business really). Anyhoo, thank you for not giving up on him even though it is tough."	yes																			
"Today has been an incredibly good day! And, the best thing about it is that at one point there was quite a disruption (not me) and enough other things were potentially very troublesome and challenging, and yet I responded to it all particularly well: consciously, wisely, and calmly and so therefore I made it through it all without be dragged down or worrying myself sick. Hope"	no																			
Seeing all the gorgeous trees around me. Going shopping with my 13 year old to buy him clothes (he outgrew everything) and then getting some for me too!! Me and the boys picking up the trash that the teenagers left in the woods after they partied. It looked so much better after we were done and we did something for Mother Nature!	no																			
"Hi Nicolette, My H has the same type of valve malfunction and an arrhythmia but one that is less problematic than yours. Mummers main problem is that it does put a little more stain on the heart and that strain can be what causes the arrhythmia in the first place at times. If the valve problem is bad then they can repair it or replace it (I know two people who have done this recently and very successfully) and if not they leave it and just check up on the heart and valve condition periodically. That is what has happened with my H for a very long time and his heart is fine. Good luck!"	no																			
"petal_picking_poet said: ‚Üë Hope all is well and that all have made it through the holidays in one piece. Hi Petal, Welcome to our under 25 club. I was thinking to revive this club, since everyone is contented in their life. Nice to see you. Nice to have another student. I am also student, but suffering through PTSD issues, I am also facing very hard time with studies. Best and Happy New year to you,too. Jaret"	no																			
"I love the concept of this thread too! And I sincerely thank everyone who posted here, it absolutely lightened up my day!! not so funny, but to share my very own: T: (after I rant(?)for 15 minutes)""So what brings you here today?"" Excuse me, I walked in here to consult my issues and get help, I just poured out my ptsd problems and my analysis/hypothesis of myself for past 15 minutes, how else am I supposed to explain?? He said that three times within an hour."	no																			
"cherryblossom said: ‚Üë KP - if you had watched the wedding today, you would see how much celebrating is going on around the country.. Ignore me, I'm just an old cynic, who, at the moment can't see the tunnel, let alone the light at the end of it. Rejoice, celebrate and be merry"	no																			
"Just after 2pm now and all the frost has finally melted. A bit overcast still, but a touch of blue just beginning to poke through. Then the sun sets again just after 4 pm, better make the most of it then."	no																			
catjudo said: ‚Üë SUDS = Subjective Units of Distress Scale It is a universally recognized way of rating your feelings or level of distress on a scale of 0 - 10. Thank you Catjudo. Now when I read Bloom's diary I'll finally know what she's talking about! HA.	no																			
"Sazza said: ‚Üë Here than wearing my mask and pretending to be someone that isn't broken I totally get where your coming from, it get's mighty tiring pretending to be fine all the time ((((hugs))))"	no																			
"My doc wanted to go slow on upping one med(no real medical reason to) while taking me off another. Since last Friday was an experience of what happens when we do that, which was not a good experience, and, since I've been dealing with this immobility for almost four months, I vetoed that decision. He gave me his reason to wait two weeks. I listened and gave him my reason for not waiting for it. He agreed and called me dr. Britt. He did, however, up it a little higher then I suggested so there mr NP! lol I took charge of what they are doing to my body and mental health. yay for me! One np down, on to the next doctor!"	no																			
"Currently I love this song called, I am not jesus by Apocalyptica ft Corey Taylor from bands Slipknot and Stone Sour. The song is very close to how I feel about my ex and Corey just finishes it off prefectly. I love Corey's voice in everything he does, he just has one of those voices get's right deep down. Of course Avenged Sevenfold are still my Gods, they kept me going and I will never forget plus M.Shadows is one very hot fella"	no																			
"We live in a people rich world. And most of them are quite nice. I love the animal shelter volunteer idea - definitely a pool of nice people pretty much everywhere.... If there is a ""meals on wheels"" program near you that is a nice thing to do too. And if you don't have transport/want to deliver which means you only have to see one person at a time, and they are generally very glad to see you, they always need help making the meals - often in the early AM, so the atmosphere tends to be pretty low key...."	no																			
I'm so happy for you! That's amazing. Creativity and art is just so good for your soul. My social worker was telling me about a place here as well. I am thinking about going. Congratulations for the step you just made...!	no																			
28. I have a nack for making people feel welcome and comfortable. 29. I truly enjoy the simple things in life...like taking a walk in the park. 30. I've learned to like my freckles. 31. I have somewhat of a green thumb. 32. I collect teddy bears and angels. 33. I like dragonflies. 34. I make great banana and walnut pancakes. (yummie) 35. I have an eye for color and design. 36. I can ride a horse very well. 37. I am my daughter's biggest fan. ...more later!	no																			
I think I did a similar thread a looooooong time ago. I remember this one. Front of the card has picture of The Godfather or some mafia related scene. Inside message: You getta ina my space I breaka you face! ISH	no																			
I hate to say it..... X was on the arm.... Had 2 get it covered Now just a yukky blob that I will get redone..... I never thought I would do it again but I might. If not for any reason to say I could.... BTW sexest yes BUT honestly...A piece of body art on a woman can be hot!	no																			
"Relief... She's FIV negative and already out of surgery. Everything is fine. I was sitting on top of the phone practically. Praise Jesus. I feel glad that I picked up a special treat to share with a friend this afternoon... apple fritters. I feel hopeful that dinner will go well... cooking grouper, whipped pumpkin, and an asian salad ... to surprise my husband."	no																			
"I apologize Herc, I had thought of splitting the thread, however it became a bit complex with some members commenting on both subjects. Sometimes splitting a thread becomes a bit difficult. In any event, thank you for asking it to be brought back on topic, we do try to keep threads on topic on this forum."	no																			
"piratelady said: ‚Üë I will put it under the tree and try to exercise patience and not open it early I promise I won't open mine cherryblossom said: ‚Üë ""Thou shall not open thy gift until Yuletide is upon us"" Most definitely a good rule. cherryblossom said: ‚Üë Perhaps once a gift is received, people could post to say they have received (but not opened!) their gift. Good idea."	no																			
"Thanks everyone. By the way Veiled - your opinion is highly valued and I thank you very much for it, as I value all the feedback and support I get here. When you are going around in circles and not getting anywhere, it helps a lot to see other people thinking one way or the other. I can work out who I agree with and why - like a sounding board...or forum for that matter!"	no																			
"yes, public transport is rubbish here. There's too much countryside! I've just found out the trains aren't running all the way to the coast tomorrow so I now need to cycle 9 miles to the nearest train station, get the train and then ride about 7 miles to my destination down south. I'm reasonably fit but its not exactly convenient for most is it! Oh yeah, and the forecast is rain! I think everyone is going to have to change their ways massively if anythings going to change. I really cant see this happening until the water is lapping at people's front doors!"	no																			
"We really don't have the money. My mother-in-law has offered to have us stay, but if I go to her house, I can't be here to supervise the workmen. It seems wiser to stay here where I can deal with problems as they arise. Sorry if I sound whiny. I'm just venting so I don't implode from stress."	no																			
"And a Canadian Flight Engineer who is currently living at the space station has been tweeting pics of the bush fires here, they are so large they are showing all the way up there! I really, really hope the animals that perished in the fires didn't suffer too much, they might be our burgers but they still feel pain and terror too. Well, looks like Tassie is having a bit of a 'burn off'......... me thinks someone went a bit over kill on that one!"	no																			
"I'd rather be here than near any real people other than my hubby and children, of course. I'd rather be here than in my head as it's really loud and i have an intolerance to noise. I'd rather be here than on my own right now."	no																			
"Someone sounds like they had CRABBY CAKE for breakfast..... I am from the US, and this is my 2 cents. Our government in my opinion is arrogant. We try and stuff our beliefs, religion, thoughts, laws and everything else down the throats of others. We try and change everything about them, their culture, and their beliefs, when in reality they have been living like this for thousands of yrs. Long before we were the United States. Do I agree with their live style, laws, religion, beliefs????? No, but it's none of my business either. I feel Iraq is not our war, but I do believe that we went into Afghanistan with a purpose and we have let that slide for Iraq. 9/11 altered my world, I hated it, It has haunted me for 7 yrs, we should have gotten the job done by now. We didn't so now our boys/women suffer for it. End of my rant."	no																			
Went and picked out paint for my son's room(with his help). Then helped him clean and paint his room. Still needs a second coat but it's getting late. Been a very busy day. This is a good thing. Less time to think.	no																			
"35. I don't mind when the power goes out 36. I can admit when I'm lost, physically and emotionally. 37. I like to travel and BS with 'the locals' 38. I wave at my neighbors. 39. I can admit that I'm horrible at remebering dates/b-days etc."	no																			
"Sitting outside in the morning while the morning breeze keeps things cool, just watching my furgirls lounging around. In that background listening to the children from the local school play while birds are in the bird feeder. I saw 2 bright red cardinals and right now a sneaky squirrel is scaling down the tree to get some sunflower seeds I left out for him ."	no																			
"We care alot, froggie!!! There are moments in the day I think of you and wish you the very best over and over!! You are never far from my thoughts...and I think alot of others feel the same. Big giant (((hug))). You are very important."	no																			
"I am grateful that my daughter got a job offer as a police dispatcher today and she was excited, happy, and hopeful. I am grateful that even though my husband has suffered a scary delusion for the past two days, he is handling it well."	no																			
"So thats why I like snacking on the mini salami's we get from the local supermarket. Well they do say you learn something new every day. Oh and I have just been informed the big ones can be used as rocket fuel. Yep they proved it on ""Mythbusters"""	no																			
"Went to the store today, and I got to see one of my ""babies"". The only thing was that he was all grown up and had his twin daughters, about 6 months old with him. As I was walking into the store, I was stopped by this lady, whom was pointing me out to her son and saying to him, ""she was there when we got you"". Yes, I recognized her as I worked at an adoption agency for many years. I stood there and looked at his twin daughters and got caught up on everything. Feeling pretty old, but it was so nice to see this family and how I still had a connection with them after all these years!"	no																			
gizmo said: ‚Üë My spirits are uplifted. I'm glad that your spirits are still uplifted despite the day you have gone through. This must be so difficult for the both of you. I'm hoping for a better day tomorrow and especially at your Christmas gathering. My thoughts are with you.	no																			
"nice photos boo! you've made me wonder if i couldn't look into photography. i tried to paint again at my therapists suggestion, but i really have to be in the mood, and getting everything out, waiting for everthing to dry for the next step,etc.(oils) was making me crazy--no patience. so i quit trying. i love landscapes, kind of making a place to escape to, know? you have inspired me!"	no																			
"((((((((((((Alex)))))))))))))))) Prayers for you today and every day. I thought of you when I saw this because it made me thing ..""what are the chances you actually have some kitties watching over you?"" I would guess pretty darn high! Just have to where to look I guess."	no																			
"Lazy. I was in my rocker/ recliner all morning either rocking or dozing off with it reclined. I have a blanket I keep on that chair always, just so I can cuddle up and keep warm while I nap there. I have been sick for a long time, sinuses... had to go to the dr. Recovering slowly, and I have an underlying illness too, to top that all off."	no																			
"I love the idea in principle. However, for me it would be the availability of the movie to rent. Books, I don't mind buying as I will often re read them. Movies I tend to watch only once, unless I really love it. I would give it a try though."	no																			
"(((Alex))) You know if I were able to come out and park myself outside your room I would!! And, it's not out of the picture after my granddaughter is born! I SO want to 'call in the press', but that probably wouldn't be good. But, if you wanted me to, I would/will!"	no																			
My husband is having a hard time remembering taking his meds. I get out all of his meds and put them in a container so all he has to do is get water and take his pills. I have to do both of our meds. Between the both of us we are taking alot of meds. I am always having to watch them.	no																			
"I had forgotten about Corrie Ten Boom... I love her stuff:√¢¬Ä¬úWorrying is carrying tomorrow's load with today's strength- carrying two days at once. It is moving into tomorrow ahead of time. Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.√¢¬Ä¬ù ~ Corrie Ten Boom"	no																			
"I love my Hunny with all my heart! He sent me a love story this morning that he had heard and told me about yesterday but wanted me to hear it again..brought tears of joy to my eyes. It was of a an ill man that was trying to get well and they married anyway, he is in remission 2yrs now. What a gift to reminding he has not given up on me."	no																			
"Heather said: ‚Üë Here's the best one yet: You know your mother has problems when you look over and see a booger stuck to the end of her nose hair that is in desperate need of a trim. EEEWWWW! and yes, this is the truth. OMG BUSTING OUT LAUGHING!!!!! EWWWWW...."	no																			
"I am climbing back up the mountain but my skin is so sore. As the psoriasis has spread, I am conscious of it with every move I make (there is a song by the Police there). I'm getting to old to deal with this again. I feel I could quite easily drink wine tonight but I will resist and enjoy it all the more tomorrow. ((HUGS)) to those who need them"	no																			
"Hi Pan- Happy New Year, -Possibly, if you are (a little nervous- who isn't?), do something first that gives you something to talk about (small talk) later- a movie before dinner, -whatever. Something you actually like. I'd mostly say get to know each other a bit, see how you ""gel"". You can always say something more personal later. Just have a good break and have fun. ccasion: Good luck!"	no																			
"My hair needs a good cut. I usually get it dyed, trimmed and thinned out an then blow dried but my hairdresser is off so I will ahve to book in with someone else. Once my fringe gets into my eyes I have to get it cut, it just gets on my nerves."	no																			
"shattered I have been doing fairly well for a good while I joined the forum when I started to spiral down Last week we suffered a tragedy, when my sister-in-law was killed in an accident. We were very, very close and I feel completely lost. My depression is getting intense.I have a very big stressor that I'm dealing with in another area of my life. I'm losing control and I feel it but I cant seem to calm myself down."	no																			
"Anthony has a environmental confession to make after reading the back of his wipes ""do not flush""..... hmmmm...naughty boy! We bought him flushable ones; I just don't get how doing the right thing is more expensive. The wipes he was using $5.48 per 100 - the flushable version $7.98 per 100. Must cost more $ to make sure that things can go down the toilet!"	no																			
"BloomInWinter said: ‚Üë I gave up on this. Maybe I'll try again. Detective Froggie at your service, you left off on page : https://www.ptsdforum.org/c/threads/100-things-you-like-about-yourself.17013/page-5"	no																			
"Alligator/Crocodile's Wisdom Includes: √Ç¬∑ Maternal protection √Ç¬∑ Connection to the earth mother √Ç¬∑ Protection from manipulation √Ç¬∑ Understanding deceit √Ç¬∑ Revenge through patience √Ç¬∑ Initiation √Ç¬∑ Understanding weather √Ç¬∑ Access to ancient knowledge Opossum's Wisdom Includes: √Ç¬∑ Proper use of deception √Ç¬∑ Use of appearances √Ç¬∑ Sensibility √Ç¬∑ Guidance to uncovering talent, psychic or physical √Ç¬∑ Gaining wisdom √Ç¬∑ Recovery"	no																			
"This is from my poem collection. July 3rd. When you see in eyes of people, you see yourself, When you are in doubt, You see doubt in their eyes, But when you have love and faith for yourself, you see love for them in their eyes... You don't hesitate, don't even hesitate, You become a full flower which has known to rise on sunrise, You no longer fall or wobble, Just bubbles of life pour down in your life... It feels like a child has learned to walk, and the mother earth of this universe sending thousand smile upon seeing this walk... She loves me, you and us... -Jaret"	no																			
"Daughter and I were watching the 'Gadget Show' on TV earlier. They were looking at stocking fillers. Daughter was disgusted, their idea os stocking fillers is completely different to ours. Theirs - average gift costin at least √Ç¬£25. Ours - chocolate Santa, choc coins, and small presents costing about √Ç¬£5 at the most (Christmas tissues, nail files, socks and such like). She said the others were more like main presents. I guess over the years they know it isn't the amount spent but the love and thought that goes into gifts. I buy their stocking fillers throught the year and put them away."	no																			
"FlyingSolo, Amethist will love that bird feeder! I want one, it is stunning! (Drat! I've just looked it up and it's for humming birds which we don't get in the UK. It is still beautiful and I wonder if you can get something similar for our birds?)"	no																			
"Silk, your puppy is adorable. I love corgis, as does Annie (her boyfriend is a black corgi mix ). Puppies are such a handful but such joys. I love how they're still figuring out body coordination. There is a pitbull puppy I see regularly who will be a beast to behold in a year, but for now she is clumsy and completely unsure of what she's doing with those giant paws and whipping tail."	no																			
"Feeling like a piece of . So this will be hard, but maybe it will help. 37. I am persistant, I will overcome. 38. I can knit - slowly 39. I make wine, jam and chutneys. 40. I know useless trivia. 41. I have a repetoire of about 6 jokes. 42. I like that I have good general knowledge. 43. I can accept compliments gracefully - even though I don't believe them. 44. .......... More after a nap, not bad for"	no																			
"My son mentioned getting a book or two, but our local book store closed. I offered to take him to a book store farther away to get it. I don't usually do this because I don't drive often due to my illness. Plus I'm not big on leaving the house. Instead I pushed myself and offered to take him. At first he wasn't going to take me up on the offer, but he did. It was a nice car ride for the both of us. He bought the books he wanted and we headed home. Even my husband was happy I got out of the house!"	no																			
"I think I'll make some bread today. I really enjoy kneading the dough and doing something with my hands that is productive. And, of course, I always enjoy the finished product. Makes really good garlic/cheese toast!"	no																			
"Wow, check this out. How to overcome being a victim and becoming a survivor. Use all resources that we have, but don't over indulge. It's all about maintaining balance in our life. Click here http://fc01.deviantart.com/fs13/f/2007/077/2/e/Animator_vs__Animation_by_alanbecker.swf"	no																			
"For this I will start by asking someone to post a pic with water. It must be your own pic and not one found on the net. After the next person adds their pic, they will ask for the next topic. But please don't make a ridiculous request. Try and keep it simple. Be patient and take your turns."	no																			
"goingonhope said: ‚Üë I think I hate the longevity of suffering and it's intensity the most. In different words, what I hate most about Ptsd is it's a lifetime companion and one in which I'd otherwise have chosen not to have relationship with. Also, that Ptsd doesn't need a companion it needs a host and it reproduces by itself."	yes																			
A place where I can journal with the knowledge that I have to be honest to myself and anybody who might read it. A place I can recieve feedback to help me through the tough patches. A place I can share my failures and successes. A place I can share my experiences and hopefully provide help and or hope for others.	no																			
"I am in shock because it is my community that is there for me, not the government. The government is doing everything they can to refuse to give me welfare even though my doctor wrote a medical leave for me. It is the middle of the winter here. The government has no problem taxing me on everything I make but when I need some help for a few months they are no where to be found."	no																			
"Grey Lourie, also known as the ""Kwe voel"" in Afrikaans, English translation is the ""Go Away bird"" because of its call sounding like the words ""go away"" and then spooking animals to run away... A scene in the very old film ""The Gods Must Be Crazy"" by producer Jamie Uys showed a scene where a Bushman hunter was foiled several times from his antelope prey by the ""go away"" bird. Eventually there is a scene where the Bushman Hunter is feeding his family with the carcass of the ""go away"" bird It was funny.."	no																			
"Relate Squirrel Girl. At 15 my mom's therapist told her (after a one on one session) that I was 15 going on 35. I feel at various times like I have a Peter Pan complex, or am ancient, then I look in the mirror and am surprised to see a 53 year old staring back at me."	no																			
"There was a study run with some college students, and the scary part is that over 80% of them all with zero trauma, where able to fake a diagnosis from physicians of PTSD. They did this to test diagnostic ability and experience, unbeknownst to the treating physicians... and with only letting the students read up on PTSD and what they should be saying, doing, etc... 80% + pulled the diagnosis from the treating physician. That's how scary we are now dealing with diagnostic issues from the USA right now."	no																			
"What happens when you give it a little shake? Is it light or heavy? Does it feel bulky or small? Can you squeeze it, is it soft or in a box? OK, I guess I'm sussed, I love surprises and at Christmas/Birthdays I am the phantom feeler. I'm excited on your behalf as well."	no																			
I did a bit of cleaning and decluttering this evening and that felt good. I feel tired now. I feel a bit nervous I am going up to see B tomorrow but this time I have cut it down from Thursday Afternoon until Sunday morning.	no																			
"In this northern part of what used to be called Abyssinia are rock-hewn churches. These churches date back about the 12th century if I remember correctly. The churches were chopped out of the rock, removing the parts that were not wanted from the solid rock, leaving the monolithic structure standing. Another testament to sheer determination. I won't get into what the specifics were, its very interesting, if you want to know more, Google will be your friend"	no																			
"I wish I could offer something like a definition but I can't. I, too, never understood what love was because of my childhood. For years and years, I had such a twisted outlook on what love must be. Then, I met my husband and it was like the world came to a screeching halt and then restarted again. I feel like being ""valued, cared for, and respected"" are things that I should expect from friends, not just lovers. Though, a lover should be your friend, as well. Love is something that two people create and not something that is predetermined. Best, Rachel"	no																			
"Wish granted CC ... it stopped dripping when the utility company shut off the water. Wish to get up the courage to climb up to the (very high) gutters and install mesh over the downspout openings. Birds keep getting stuck (or maybe it is the same bird? lol) in my gutter downspouts. They are connected to a French drain, so I have to keep disconnecting the bottom of the spout so they can slide out. Makes me have to keep checking them each afternoon just in case one is in there."	no																			
"The sparrow hawk is a real pain in the butt. Not long ago it almost got itself tangled up in our holly tree as it left it almost too late to back of from chasing a sparrow. It has chased a collared dove into next doors window before now, to stun and catch it."	no																			
"I am stunned and relieved still? I am relieved? I feel like this big space has opened up to me for me or something? Or am I just procrastinating about my studies? Anyway feel like sitting with, what is, a lot at the moment. ms spock"	no																			
"I am grateful for:this forum family my friends, who seem to love me in spite of my ridiculous antics and embarrassing moods/thoughts a job that I love my Zen teacher grande Americano with skim and a dash of cinnamon the garden hiking trails the Cowboy Junkies warm days for grilling veggies to put in homemade tacos second, third and fourth chances soulmates homemade oatmeal cookies"	no																			
"Wish granted, Nadia. You have finally accepted the solution that you knew all along. It was a painful pill to swallow; but now that you're digesting it, you're feeling free, finally. I wish I could eat chocolate and lose weight!"	no																			
"(((((((((((((((((Cath))))))))))))))))) especially at this moment, I can't thank you enough...my family hates me and I just came here to breathe and try to find where I fit at this moment and look! Such beauty thoughtful posts from beautiful thoughtful people (((((((((((Anni))))))))))))) thank you so much!"	no																			
"I am a little ""Out of the Loop"" here I guess... What or Who are the ""WEST MEMPHIS THREE?????"" I will not try and defend myself again, but ......the verdict sucks...........I am just glad that I have been cleared and have been granted full Humphrey right.... Wendy"	no																			
"anni said: ‚Üë perhaps it's a nice time for a re-posting, if asked politely? View attachment 3457 View attachment 3461 View attachment 3458 View attachment 3460 View attachment 3459"	no																			
"Heather said: ‚Üë Ofcourse - Deer it's called sarcasm LOL Hugs and love, Heather Oh, OK Heather... sarcasm isn't part of my repertoire, so I didn't get that... I like your hugs and love tho' - anytime! ((((((((((Heather)))))))))) Love, Deer"	no																			
"Thai peanut butter chicken is easy... the sauce is actually chicken broth, chili seasame oil, some garlic and tapioca starch to the desired consistancy... then you wilt the greens and add a rice dish or an additional vegetable."	no																			
"ISupportHer said: ‚Üë 100? I have to come up with 100? OK, as you are such a shrinking violet - I will start for you. 1. ISH has a great sense of humour and makes others laugh (well KP, anyway)"	no																			
"Feeling good. Well, a hell of a lot better than I thought I would so far, good may be an overstatement. Got a very hot lavender bubble bath running I am going to treat myself to. And hubs being the sweetie he is brought me a beautiful fragrant bouquet of flowers by surprise. When I asked what for he said it was because I was half way through... Me puzzled he said you are half way through the month, it is the 15th. Wow I really am halfway through June! Almost over and looking forward to being healthy again once it passes."	no																			
"I woke up kind of shaky, but I am feeling better now. We have appointments with the p doc today. I will have to go and pick up prescriptions and then get mocha frappes. Then we will be done for the day. I have things planned for my week so I am not sitting around. I hope it will be a better week. Hugs to all that need them(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((hugs))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))"	no																			
"This Ends Now said: ‚Üë If I may ask, what are 5 things that you think are purely good in life. Taking what you've asked quite literally and listing: Babies Puppies Sunshine Clear Skies and it's color Oceans and it's color Most of natures qualites and natural designs Unproccessed food Sex when it is consensual, and while under certain other conditions, and expands across a spectrum from beautiful and loving to beautiful, wild and loving."	no																			
"Happy Birthday Gizmo! And many happy returns of the day. Remember, 59 is not as old as it used to be! A rocky end to last year, and a rocky start to this one for you and yours, but I think things will look much different and happier in this year!"	no																			
My Dad I thank my dad who turned 90 today. I thank every day that he is here. I thank everything he has given and taught me. I thank him for his loving and humble manner. I thank him for being there for me. I thank him for comforting and holding me when I had a boo boo. I thank him for understanding when things where bad. I thank him for when things are good. Thanks Dad I'll allways love you.ccasion:	no																			
I am grateful that even though my husband had bad hallucinations last night he is having a pleasant morning. I am grateful that I am feeling great. Today is going to be a great day. I am very greatful for these things.	no																			
"I feel like I am not connected to my own body...Or more like my mind is floating over my head but I still feel my body and can control it. And I feel tired, exhausted and like I have a fever. I wonder what I dreamed tonight...as I have been like this since I woke up...but I only get a picture of a circus/amusement park landscape that is blurry. Which I really can't relate to at all."	yes																			
"So, this is my hair. To be exact, it's my hair in Ireland. By the way, I will remove the pics again in a few days (by the latest). There are 11,000 members!!! Oh, right, my face happened to be in Ireland at the same time as was my hair. EDIT: PICS REMOVED"	no																			
"KP the nut said: ‚Üë And if the sun shines again I will OK the sun isn't out but it is warm. Maybe not cooking and eating in the garden, but definitely OK for an aperitif in the garden . Today I feel contented, lots of things I would change with my life if I could, I can't so I will slowly learn to accept them."	no																			
"I can see how some would prefer to drift away. But when someone has been posting a lot, has been struggling, and then stops without saying anything, I guess it just makes me concerned for them. I guess I am not asking anyone to sign a pact to give notice or anything. Maybe in a way, just letting people know that you will be missed and there will be concern for you. I imagine some don't want that but that is what happens. Among the regulars anyway. KP, wonder if we are thinking of the same person? ISH"	no																			
"gizmo said: ‚Üë They know us down there now, and it is nice to have conversations with them. It is nice to be known and cared for. That is the reason I love living where I do. All of the shopkeepers know you by name. Last Saturday it took 1.5 hours to visit 4 small shops, people on the street and shopkeepers all stop to chat."	no																			
"I'm grateful that my dad acknowledged that he hadn't done as much for me as much as he should have. I know he was thinking in comparison to my other siblings. I tended to think I was the black sheep. Truth is, he isn't obligated to do anything for us. It was just nice that he said that and nice that he is helping us out. We desperately needed the help...though we didn't ask. Just very, very, grateful."	no																			
I am to energyless today. This happened on Friday night as well. I feel pretty ordinary. Went to classes today. Did okay. Feeling lonely and friendless. Can see my contribution to my current situations.	no																			
Cuddling with my baby daughter when she woke up from a nap. She would suck her thumb and hold her bunny and come and crawl into my lap. Such warm cuddling. I loved it so much. I really miss those days.	no																			
"Froggie said: ‚Üë Actually my birthday is on the 25th (Lucky me! It's still the 25 here in Germany!) Singing the song in German : Zum Geburtstag viel Gl√É¬ºck! Zum Geburtstag viel Gl√É¬ºck! Zum Geburtstag, liebe Froggieeeeeeeeee, zum Geburtstag viel Gl√É¬ºck! Happy Birthday!"	no																			
"TLight, It seems from your armpit down your torso over to your abdomen would look like a backward ""L"" Also, I was thinking some more about this and the wounds you have suffered are trying to heal, but your picking at them (picking on yourself) not allowing yourself to heal this part of the abuse. Armpit = vulnerability, torso = body, abdomen = sex organs. One way that interpretations can go is left side = left brain thinking and right side = right brain thinking. www.news.com.au/heraldsun/story/0,21985,22556281-661,00.html"	no																			
"-Sorry to ramble on - thought of something later, when wasn't feeling so self-justified: in my case, certainly probably mostly reflects MY OWN doubts and self-conciousness and self-rejection, irregardless of what anyone else thinks or does. THAT part I can work on (-and BOY, do I need a lot of work!)"	no																			
"SPOKANE, Wash. - Three men who went streaking through a Denny's restaurant were chilled and chagrined when they spotted a thief drive off in their getaway car, their clothes inside. Naked in the 20-degree weather, the three young men huddled behind cars in a parking lot until police arrived. ""I don't think they were hiding. I think they were just concealing themselves,"" police spokesman Dick Cottam said. The three entered the restaurant before daybreak Wednesday, wearing only shoes and hats. They left their car running so they could make a quick escape. But the streakers watched through the windows as a man who had been eating inside the restaurant drove off in their car. No charges were brought against the streakers. ""I think it was just three kids who decided to fool around,"" Cottam said. He added: ""We always tell people to not leave their car running."""	no																			
"Well crap I can't find it. I think it was a Boston Globe article. Anyways it was talking about how poor people with multiple children were being encouraged by their welfare case workers to file disability claims for their children(who didn't have any health problems). It was also talking about how children who had mild problems were still getting disability even though their condition had improved. *Edit* I found the article, it was the Globe. It says on here my account is too new to post links."	no																			
